presto-product-tests/README.md, before:

# Presto product tests

## Test configuration

Test assume that you have hadoop and presto cluster running. For setting up development environment we
recommend presto-docker-devenv project. This presto-docker-devenv contains tools for building and running
docker images to be used on local developer machine for easy setup of presto instance together with dependencies
like hadoop. You can also start presto on your machine locally from IDE (please check main presto README).

To make it work you need either: 
 - define environment variables for hadodp ${HADOOP_MASTER} and presto ${PRESTO_MASTER} with their IP numbers,
and ${PRESTO_PRODUCT_TESTS_ROOT} with path to the presto product test directory
 - create src/test/resources/test-configuration-local.yaml with following (example content):

```
databases:
  hive:
    host: 172.16.2.10
    jdbc_jar: /home/kogut/src/git/teradata/presto/presto-product-tests/libs/test-framework-hive-jdbc-all.jar

  presto:
    host: 192.168.205.1
```

## Running tests

Product tests are not run by default. To start them use _productTests_ maven profile:

```
mvn -PproductTests test
```

## Running particular test groups

```
mvn -PproductTests -Dgroups=jmx test
```

Commit message:

Using tempto runner.
Rebase.
Using tempto runner.
Remove presto-product-tests-utils.
Remove logback, use airlift logging (and so java util logging) instead.

presto-product-tests/README.md, after:

# Presto product tests

## Test configuration

Test assume that you have hadoop and presto cluster running. For setting up development environment we
recommend presto-docker-devenv project. This presto-docker-devenv contains tools for building and running
docker images to be used on local developer machine for easy setup of presto instance together with dependencies
like hadoop. You can also start presto on your machine locally from IDE (please check main presto README).

To make it work you need either: 
 - define environment variables for hadoop ${HADOOP_MASTER} and presto ${PRESTO_MASTER} with their IP numbers,
and ${PRESTO_PRODUCT_TESTS_ROOT} with path to the presto product test directory
 - create test-configuration-local.yaml with following (example content):

```
databases:
  hive:
    host: 172.16.2.10

  presto:
    host: 192.168.205.1
```

## Running tests

Product tests are not run by default. To start them use run following command:

```
java -jar target/presto-product-tests-*-executable.jar --config-local file://`pwd`/tempto-configuration-local.yaml
```
